[Music]
you shall not see your brother's ox or
his sheep going astray and hide yourself
from them you shall certainly bring them
back to your brother
and if your brother is not near you or
if you do not know him then you shall
bring it to your own house and it shall
remain with you until your brother seeks
it then you shall restore it to him you
shall do the same with his donkey and so
shall you do with his garment with any
lost thing of your brothers which he has
lost and you have found you shall do
likewise you must not hide yourself you
shall not see your brother's donkey or
his ox fall down along the road and hide
yourself from them
you shall surely help him lift them up
again a woman shall not wear anything
that pertains to a man nor shall a man
put on a woman's garment or all who do
so are an abomination to the Lord your
God if a bird's nest happens to be
before you along the way in any tree or
on the ground with young ones or eggs
with the mother sitting on the young or
on the eggs you shall not take the
mother with the young you shall surely
let the mother go and take the young for
yourself that it may be well with you
and that you may prolong your days when
you build a new house then you shall
make a parapet for your roof that you
may not bring guilt of bloodshed on your
household if anyone Falls from it you
shall not sow your vineyard with
different kinds of seed lest the yield
of the seed which you have sown and the
fruit of your vineyard be defiled
you shall not foul with an ox and a
donkey together
[Music]
you shall not wear a garment of
different sorts such as wool and linen
mixed together you shall make tassels on
the four corners of the clothing with
which you cover yourself If any man
takes a wife and goes into her and
detests her and charges her with
shameful conduct and brings a bad name
on her and says I took this woman and
when I came to her I found she was not a
virgin and the father and mother of the
young woman shall take and bring out the
evidence of the young woman's virginity
to the elders of the city at the gate
and the young woman's father shall say
to the elders I gave my daughter to this
man as wife and he detests her now he
has charged her with shameful conduct
saying I found your daughter was not a
virgin and yet these are the evidences
of my daughter's virginity and they
shall spread the cloth before the elders
of the city then the elders of that city
shall take that man and punish him and
they shall find him one hundred shekels
of silver and give them to the father of
the young woman because he has brought a
bad name
Virgen of Israel and she shall be his
wife he cannot divorce her all his days
but if the thing is true and evidences
of virginity are not found for the young
woman then they shall bring out the
young woman to the door of her father's
house and the men of her City shall
stone her to death with stones because
she has done a disgraceful thing in
Israel to play the harlot in her
father's house so you shall put away the
evil from among you
if a man is found lying with a woman
married to a husband then both of them
shall die the man that lay with the
woman and the woman so you shall put
away the evil from Israel if a young
woman who is a virgin is betrothed to a
husband and a man finds her in the city
and lies with her then you shall bring
them both out to the gate of that city
and you shall stone them to death with
stones
the young woman because she did not cry
out in the city and the man because he
humbled his neighbor's wife so you shall
put away the evil from among you
[Music]
but if a man finds a betrothed young
woman in the countryside and the man
forces her and lies with her then only
the man who lay with her shall die but
you shall do nothing to the young woman
there is in the young woman no sin
deserving of death for just as when a
man rises against his neighbor and kills
him even so is this matter for he found
her in the countryside and the betrothed
young woman cried out but there was no
one to save her if a man finds a young
woman who is a virgin who is not
betrothed and he seizes her and lies
with her and they are found out
then the man who lay with her shall give
to the young woman's father fifty
shekels of silver and she shall be his
wife because he has humbled her he shall
not be permitted to divorce her all his
days a man shall not take his father's
wife nor uncover his father's bed
[Music]